Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
...is death by fire.
What is that pillar of ice?
What exactly is happening?
It's scary!
You're the first person to ever deal any damage to me.
I'm gonna lay another one on you!
Charon, it's time.
The fires are out and the Fire Force can move around freely now.
Just bring the Fifth Pillar with you.
We're withdrawing.
See you later! Adieu, Plasma Boy!
Hold it!
She used magnetism to brake her descent on the way down?
The Special Fire Force is taking that girl into protective custody!
Your name is Inca, right? If you use your power, you can slip out of those!
Come over to me!
"Episode 6: The Time to Choose"
I've already figured out your tactic in going after my counters.
I won't fall for that trick again.
What are you planning to do in your situation now?
He's right. Now that he knows how I'm attacking,
if I just charge in at him blindly, I'll be playing right into his hands.
I have to take Inca and get her out of here somehow.
Charon-sama, Haumea-sama's brainwaves toward us
telling us to get going aren't letting up. Let's go!
Inca! What are you waiting for! Come over here!
Use your power to get loose!
With a wave of my finger, I can make flames.
By tracing those lines, I could even cause explosions.
But right now, I don't see any.
Which means that right now, I won't be producing any flames.
I'm sure my ability must let me see visions of the future.
It feels really weird deciding what to do now,
when I already know the future outcome, but I'm sure I don't see anything.
Which means that I'm going to go with these iffy guys without any resistance.
My brother was also kidnapped by these people,
and had his life turned upside down!
You're not with them, Inca!
That won't help. Persuade all you want, but I can see how I'll end up.
I'll be revealed to be the Fireground Thief, and lose my freedom, right?
I'm going to be apprehended by either one or the other.
I get it. If I take your hand,
there are crimes that I'm going to have to answer for,
but I'll still have a life of safety waiting for me.
On the other hand, if I go with these guys, my future will be...
Take me away.
Hey!
♪ Danger, danger. ♪
Going with them seems like the more dangerous play.
You gotta be kidding me! Take a look at this town!
This is what those White-Clad did so they could catch you!
There are people who wanted to live longer, but couldn't be saved!
And yet you're voluntarily letting it go to waste!
What do you take your life for?!
You think I care about that?!
Doesn't matter to me what happens to anyone else!
It's my life! It doesn't belong to anyone else!
Don't you compare it to the worthless lives of those around me!
It's my life! I don't consider this a waste!
How is it a waste?! This is why I enjoy the thrill of exposing myself to danger!
To feel the joy of life out of the fear of losing it!
I don't care how much other human debris might croak,
I am going to preserve my own life.
It's just like you say, Mr. Fire Soldier. Life is precious.
Let's go, Charon. Show me a good time, all right?
You're taking me too damn lightly.
Wait right there!
I am going to kill you!
That's far better than having you protect me, or take me into custody.
In that case, by all means, come for me.
I'll be waiting for you.
Wait...
Is that what Inca would rather do?
Does Sho prefer staying with the White-Clad, too?
No, that can't be true!
Took you long enough.
So you're the Fifth Pillar, Inca Kasugatani?
Who is this?
Yikes. Looks like I could short out just by touching her.
We're getting out of here, now.
Hold it!
Panda!
How dare you kill my bro! You let Boss Inca go!
Boss Inca, hurry and come back over here!
Charon... Yeah, I'm on it.
I can see it, so I have no choice.
This isn't my decision.
It's just how... "fate" would have it.
Not me.
Inca! Inca!
Come on, let's get going.
Did we... make it?
It looks like the White-Clad people have retreated.
Yeah, and just like that, the fires are under control, too.
Stop!
All right, just set her down right there.
Are you all right, Shinra?
Yes, sir.
But the Fifth Pillar has been taken away by the Evangelist's men.
I am terribly sorry.
Haumea said that there were eight people who possessed Adolla Bursts.
Eight Pillars... plus the Evangelist.
We don't know a thing.
We have too little information, and we don't know what their whole objective is.
As long as we're in the dark,
we'll always be behind the curve, just like we always have been.
I'd like to investigate more, to find out exactly what they're after.
You're right. We need to find some clues about Adolla Bursts.
It's becoming clear what we need to do.
Also, Arthur and Shinra, you both did a good job out there today.
Good, doesn't look like there are any problems.
Guys! We're ready! Hop on in!
Yeah, all right!
Thank you!
...Thank you! ...Thank you very much!
...Thanks for your hard work! ...We're all safe now, thanks to you!
Thank you so much!
...Thank you! ...You saved us!
Captain Hague from the 4th said that he thought he'd saved so many people,
but in fact, there were so many lives that he couldn't save.
And I was so pleased, too,
the first time I heard their praise...
Even if there had been no Evangelist,
could I have saved Inca, in any real sense?
"Special Fire Station 4"
Reporting in, sir. The casualties from yesterday's fire...
...were 19 dead, 58 injured.
We counted 134 buildings lost to the fire.
Also, the number of Infernals that were put to rest came to 39.
I'm glad the casualties were kept as low as they were,
compared to the Great Fire two years ago.
Still, it pains me that the 4th's assistance came as slow as it did.
"Special Fire Grand Cathedral 1"
I understand that the 8th is already taking anti-Evangelist action.
That sounds like Obi, all right.
Unlike the 1st, with our Holy Sol Temple discipline tying our hands,
they don't seem to have any hardheaded cardinals over there.
I'm going to pretend I didn't hear that.
Is the 1st going to work with them?
Karim appears to have been sneaking over to the 8th already,
and Tamaki is there, too, under the pretext of being suspended.
I don't think we can do any more.
Were all of the fires the other day started by artificial means?
Yeah. The same group responsible for your arm and Rekka.
I didn't get to pay them back for that.
My right arm is like a trial bestowed upon me by God.
So don't get too worked up. Even without my right arm,
I don't have any trouble doing things, except for tenting my hands.
Besides...
Return to the great flame of fire.
...Látom...Látom.
...you're here to help me with that.
Don't make me do that!
I already feel responsible!
"Special Fire Base 2"
Oh! It's burning! It's burning!
Captain Honda, are you saying that arrangements for the imperial garrison
are being provided by the 2nd?
It will make things easier for the 2nd to make the arrangements,
given our close ties with the military.
"Takeru"
Besides, we have a rookie here who's from the peninsula.
Have him help them out.
Whoo, I haven't performed ablutions in a long time.
You're doing well.
Oh, no, you are.
You're the only sister here at the 8th, Iris.
There's no telling when you'll need another sister again,
so I need to keep myself pure at all times, so I can be of help to the 8th.
Nya!
Whoa, I can see right through that.
Nya! Screw you!
Látom.
Not at all.
So you're going?
Mm-hmm. I'm going to go see it with my own eyes.
But wow, am I ever busy. I'm at a loss as to what I should take with me.
I'd like to go with you, but the checkpoints are pretty strict.
You should have become a Fire Soldier, Joker.
Not a bad idea.
I worked with Captain Hibana of the 5th, and we made an educated guess.
I'm actually going to go there and see for myself.
I turned over my data.
I do hope they find some lead on Adolla Bursts,
but as a scientist, I'd like to go along with them.
I hate that in my position as captain, I can't do so.
We're going to be carrying out a joint operation with the other companies.
The 8th will be sending four of its crewmen.
That will be you four.
A joint operation? What are we doing?
I need you to conduct an investigation into the Evangelist and Adolla Bursts.
The White-Clad are gathering what they call the Eight Pillars,
who each carry an Adolla Burst.
There are those, like Shinra and his brother, who are already known,
but, like Inca the other day,
it is also conceivable that new ones will come about.
Currently, we have identified four of them... Shinra, Sho, Inca, and Haumea.
The purpose for the Evangelist's people
to gather the Eight Pillars and their Adolla Bursts...
...is to once again trigger the Great Cataclysm from 250 years ago.
It was a disaster whose effects were so great, they ended up redrawing the world's maps.
I don't know why they want to have that happen again,
but we have to prevent it, whatever it takes.
There's too much we don't know about what happened
during the Great Cataclysm of the past.
The way things stand, we are always a step behind
when it comes to safeguarding Adolla-Burst-bearing Pillars.
Which is why we are forming a research team
and investigating the Great Cataclysm of the past.
Incidentally, I've already narrowed down the point we're investigating.
Where are we going, sir?
To a place of yet-unknown terrain, and an unknown ecology.
A place that's seriously unknown.
That place is the Chinese Peninsula!
Outside the Tokyo Empire.
"Operation Chinese Landing"
The sea!
We're about to leave Tokyo! I wonder what the outside world is like.
We're going to go aboard that and cross the ocean!
Kusakabe! Fall in!
Sorry, sorry!
Is everyone here? I'm taking roll call.
"4th, Second Class" "Team Leader" "Ogun Montgomery"
"2nd, Second Class" "Navigator" "Takeru Noto"
"8th, Second Class" "Escort (Knight)" "Arthur Boyle"
"8th, Second Class" "Escort (Hero)" "Shinra Kusakabe"
"8th, Second Class" "Sister, Prayers" "Tamaki Kotatsu"
"8th, Science Officer" "Investigation" "Viktor Licht"
"4th, Lieutenant" "Commander" "Purt Co Pan"
The seven of us will be carrying out this mission.
As you know, the purpose of this investigation
is to find clues about the Evangelist and Adolla Bursts.
And then, when we do, we, the Special Fire Force, will...
No, you have to say the important part out loud, sir.
All right, take care.
Most of them are former students of mine from the Training Academy,
so there won't be any problems.
Crewman Kotatsu...
Juggernaut, your family lives on the Chinese Peninsula, right?
Mm-hmm. I come from one of the potato farms there.
That's why I was assigned to be the guide.
But I've never been to the area where our destination is,
so honestly, I'm not too sure about this.
You'll do fine. We're counting on you.
So this is what it's like inside.
Huh? These are our potatoes!
"Noto Farms Potatoes"
You can grow potatoes even in a wasteland?
Mm-hmm, that's right.
Potatoes are plants than can produce a high yield even in harsh soil.
Oh, yeah?
The green skin and buds have solanine and chaconine, which are poisonous,
so you need to watch out for those,
but they're rich in nutrients and vitamin C, your B-complexes,
...Peek... ...potassium and dietary fiber, so they're very healthy!
You don't say...
You can get about 15 grams of the starch that potato starch is made from
out of around 100 grams of potatoes.
If you're counting calories, it's only 76 of those.
You can burn that off with 30 minutes of walking.
Also, the potato plant's flowers are really pretty.
...They can be white, or light purple, ...Sneak, sneak, sneak...
...and just looking at them can make you really happy, you know? ...Sneak, sneak, sneak...
Sure can.
Oh, and another thing, did you know that potatoes are actually...
You startled me!
What are you doing down here? We're about to shove off.
They said we were free to use the ship's cabins until we arrive.
Sensei will... I mean, I will go pay my respects to the captain.
Go inform the others.
...Roger...Roger.
Do you think we can go up on deck?
It's under Imperial Armed Forces control,
so if we scamper around too much, we might make nuisances of ourselves,
but let's head up there once we depart.
Make sure you do what Lieutenant Pan tells you to do!
...Yes, sir! ...Yes, sir!
...Here we go! ...Here we go!
We're about to go outside of Tokyo!
Whoa, awesome! We're surrounded by ocean!
What's that?
An undersea volcano, I'll bet.
An undersea volcano?
It must have been formed in the Great Cataclysm 250 years ago.
The Great Cataclysm...
This investigation is going to look into what happened in the Great Cataclysm.
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
On a new mission, they leave the Tokyo Empire for the Chinese Peninsula.
There, they run into mysterious creatures in unknown territory.
Aw, I wish I could have gone, too.
Whoa, holy crap! I can see it now!
"Episode 7" "Road to the Oasis"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 7, "Road to the Oasis."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org